alright so this trick here is called a
revolver or revolution it doesn't really
matter what you call it but yeah if you
don't know how to do this trick which a
lot of people do what so let me go just
watch my tutorial appli bit and it'll
explain everything you need to know
alright so basically this cartridge uses
four cards and for one particular thing
I usually the bottom part of making
changes so let's see what we have they
have five of spades still getting it to
say to all right well if you got four
cards from the face from the text to use
the micro
alright so we are so we have our four
cards and you're probably wondering why
I chose these low cards awesome I gets
chosen just to make it easier for you to
follow alright so here we are four cards
right alright so if it's today on the
floor in the middle in between the ace
in the two of course and a sister Dover
all right i'll give it a little shake
like so and the 2's turned over now you
go shake once more and the three answers
over finally give it one more shake
in the 4s turn over all right now i'll
take the to put on the bottom of the day
like so and now here's our floor that we
turned over right put that on the bottom
of the deck and you are the four cars
that we started with right step the kind
of turn blue during our shake well you
know and now this deck is red and I know
all my colors to be mixed up like
between that I'll kind of like rub it on
the steps like that and now all of our
cars are blue there you